[FLINK-23753][python][docs] Add documentation for Python operator chaining (#16953)
apache/flink: docs/content.zh/docs/dev/python/datastream/operators/overview.md

Generally, the output type needs to be specified for the map operation in the above example if the sink only accepts special kinds of data, e.g. Row, etc.

## Operator Chaining

> By default, multiple non-shuffle Python functions will be chained to avoiding the serialization and
> deserialization and improving the performance. There are also cases where you may want to disable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, multiple non-shuffle Python functions will be chained together to avoid the serialization and
deserialization to improve the performance. There are also cases where you may want to disable
```
